(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
It has been found that certain people...
have received unnecessary shoulder surgery...
to avoid mandatory military service.
Hello.
I'm Ma Yi Deum,
a prosecutor with Criminal Unit 2.
He won't say anything.
We're going to look like complete idiots.
I'll take care of it.
Isn't Ms. Ma amazing?
How did she manage to bring up...
the corruption at the hospital?
You must be Ma Yi Deum.
I heard you're talented.
Yes, I'm pretty good.
I'll do even better now, so please watch me.
Excuse me.
If you want an exclusive, you need to provide...
some intimacy with the informant.
- What? - Stop it!
Joonga News' Ms. Han.
She reported Mr. Oh for sexual harassment.
Take care of Ms. Han,
and let's go up together.
You're incredible.
Do you want to succeed this badly?
I don't care what you say.
Drop the charges.
That's the only way you and I can survive.
He shoved her up against the wall.
I also saw Ms. Han stomp on his left foot...
with her heel.
Why you...
Hey, you. Oh Soo Chul.
Don't touch me.
Let's meet under better circumstances next time.
That won't happen.
Let's not meet again.
Congratulations.
You're finally a PWNF.
Prosecutor With No Future.
Says who?
I haven't given up on my future.
Sure. A person needs to have hope.
Ms. Son.
What's a Crimes Against Girls Unit?
Oh, CAGU?
Ms. Min Ji Sook started that unit.
Oh my gosh.
The icon of justice, conviction, and demotion.
(Episode 2)
(Crimes Against Girls Unit)
Nice to see you again, Ms. Ma.
Did you get appointed to this unit too?
You too?
Yes.
Hey. I have a name.
Let's properly say hello.
I'm Yeo Jin Wook.
Let's consider it shook. I'm Ma Yi Deum,
and I don't want to get involved with you.
That's unfortunate.
What is?
(Ma Yi Deum, Yeo Jin Wook)
Ms. Son?
Hello, Mr. Yeo.
- I look forward to it. - Same with me.
What a nice office. Do you want the...
It'd be best if she uses it, right?
Yes.
- Do you hate this unit? - Of course I do!
- Why do you hate it? - Why?
Hey.
Were you really in second during law school?
- I was top of the class. - You can still be slow.
I'm not sure. I really don't get it.
Think about it. Both of us...
who messed with the chief prosecutor...
ended up in the same unit.
We're going to have endless late nights.
- That's not true. - What?
Me being appointed here...
has nothing to do with Chief Prosecutor Oh.
How would you know that?
If you persuade me in three seconds,
I'll consider you as my big brother.
- 1, 2... - I volunteered for it.
What?
You don't have to call me your big brother.
I hate it when women call me that.
Wait. You volunteered to come here?
- Yes. - What?
That's crazy. Bravo.
This is the unit everyone wants to avoid,
and you volunteered. Amazing!
You're awesome!
Mom, he keeps on hitting me.
Mom, In Hyuk keeps on taking my toy.
Where's Grandma? Ask her to buy you one.
Give it back!
Why are there so many documents?
Mom, he hit me here.
- Mom, look. - I'm busy right now.
Also, I told you not to call me at work.
It's not that. Mom.
- He keeps on hitting me. - You little punks.
It's hectic as it is. Stop whining.
If you don't hang up on the count of three,
I'll take away all your toys. One!
Are you married?
- No. - Are you planning to?
- Yes. - Yes.
You don't want to end up like me, right?
I recommend vasectomy.
I won't bother say that we should work hard.
From investigation to trial,
you'll have to work hard to do it in one go.
You all know that sentencing for rapes...
is more complicated.
Electronic anklets and treatment in custody.
For children, the parents can lose their right.
It'd be safe to say you won't have weekends.
However, the more you suffer,
the victims will suffer less.
Yes, I'll remember that.
Let's give our best. Let's applaud.
Clap.
That's it for now. Let's get to work.
Jang, can you take the minor cases...
- for now? - Yes, ma'am.
- Seo, you can assist. - Okay.
Yeo, you can take...
- the female crime cases. - Okay.
Son, you'll focus on desk work.
Koo, you'll assist with the digital investigation.
Okay.
Ma, come with me.
Are you disappointed about your appointment?
I apologize for my rude comment.
I applied to a different department...
for personal reasons.
If you have the guts to humiliate...
your chief prosecutor at a disciplinary hearing,
didn't you expect this to happen?
Humiliate...
That's because...
Mr. Oh forced me to commit perjury.
You leak information for media manipulation.
You blow up the smallest events...
to get the attention of higher-ups.
There are a lot of rumors about you.
However,
this is the CAGU.
The victim is questioned by the detective,
the prosecutor, and at the hearing.
They give up after the multiple testimonies.
We made this unit to get rid of that.
Yes. Of course.
This means you won't have a chance in front...
of the camera for winning a case.
Yes, I understand.
Also, let me tell you this in advance.
If you don't like your assignment,
resigning is an option.
What? Resign? My goal is retirement.
I'll consider it as an encouragement.
- You can go. - Okay!
How can it go wrong on the first day?
What? Resign?
Who do you take me for?
You'll see in two years. You'll beg me to stay.
Did she assign you to a special case?
You're having one-on-ones with the boss on day one.
Yes, sure.
Anyway, let's try to get along.
I never thought I'd be working...
with the infamous Ms. Ma.
Have a great day.
What is it now?
How rude.
What is it? Why is she famous?
Don't be curious.
You'll find out soon enough.
Rude?
(Witch's Court)
(Best Thesis Award, Sunwoo Business School)
Name, Ko Yoo Bin.
Great work.
Name, Ha Jae Ho.
- Thank you. - Good work.
Why? Why didn't my thesis make it in?
It was below standard.
This is impossible. Please review it again.
I can't go back on my decision.
Can you leave?
I don't want to.
Then I'll leave.
You... You're a disappointment.
What are you doing?
So a male TA raped a female professor?
No. He tried, but he failed.
This the CCTV footage...
of the hallway in front of her office that day.
That's Kim Se Mi. She's an undergraduate.
She was bringing back Professor Sun's laptop.
It ended as an attempted rape.
Yes.
Is this all we have as evidence?
We don't have any record of his DNA.
He hasn't gone through the rape inspection kit.
We only have evidence of the assault...
and the witness' testimony.
Okay, we have the basics down.
Let's go investigate.
Is the victim here?
I think you have to go see her yourself.
Pardon?
(Sunwoo University Hospital)
(Government affairs)
Normally when we get testimonies,
it's recorded at investigation agencies.
Since you're not doing well,
we'll record it here today.
We'll start with the investigation.
That male TA...
was reeking of alcohol.
Anyway, he didn't look sane.
We bickered for a while, then I looked at my watch.
It was 10 minutes to 11pm.
That building...
closes its doors from the outside at 11pm.
The young man was having a crazy fit.
Then I thought about being locked in with him.
I suddenly feared for myself.
Let's talk tomorrow, Woo Sung.
What are you doing?
Move.
You can't leave like this.
We can talk tomorrow when you're sober.
Then...
As I tried to leave,
I fell on the couch.
What are you doing?
My skirt ran up.
That was the beginning.
With one hand,
he pressed down on my wrists.
With the other hand...
Aside from the pain,
I was ashamed.
I couldn't think straight.
Do you know what he said to me?
Women born to wealthy parents...
will never get over yourselves...
until you're taught a lesson.
How can he do that to me?
I had a feeling it'd only get worse.
I told him to stop now.
I told him I'd sue him if he didn't.
Then he suddenly...
started to choke me.
I didn't do that, I swear!
Woo Sung.
You realize you're on camera, right?
If you act emotional,
it'll be disadvantageous for you.
Instead of denying it, tell us what happened.
I'm in debt because of my tuition.
I bought three rice balls for a day's meal.
A bowl of ramyeon lasted me three days.
It was hard to survive the last two years.
I really had to graduate.
I went to see her...
and asked her to revisit my thesis.
I told her I'd die if I can't graduate.
Your thesis is garbage, just like you.
Move.
I just lost it at that point.
I wanted to kill her.
Then you admit to assaulting her,
but you never had any sexual interaction.
Is that what you mean?
Yes.
Then what is this?
If you didn't have any sexual interaction,
why is your shirt open?
Well...
Do you only admit to choking her?
Just be honest with us.
No, I...
I really didn't do it. I...
I never sexually harassed the professor.
(Female professor attempted rape case)
- Hello. - Professor Sun's case.
Submit a statement saying it's attempted rape...
by tomorrow morning.
Pardon?
I forgot we should split up tasks.
Yeo, when did you join the Prosecutors' Office?
About 10 months ago.
It's been seven years for me.
Which means I've been through all sorts...
of hardships already.
- And your point? - There is...
a veteran of seven years and a newbie.
Of course, the work should split accordingly.
Are you saying I should assist you?
Of course.
Don't be pressured though.
All you have to do is follow my instructions,
orders, and requests.
I'm not trying to discipline you.
That's how I started too.
All right. Sure.
We have to keep investigating this case.
Why?
The assailant's testimony is full of holes...
while the victim's is very persuasive.
Also, at the time of the assault,
the witness saw the helpless victim.
The relationship between the two people...
is too distinct for an accidental rape.
She is in charge of grading his thesis.
Would any TA rape their professor like this?
Also, there's something different about Woo Sung.
Stop.
- Evidence. - Pardon?
I don't need assumptions. Show me the evidence.
I heard that you used to be a psychiatrist.
However, this isn't where you analyze people.
The substantive truth of this case...
is that the TA tried and failed to rape her.
And what does our team need? Speed.
Is it clear now?
Write the statement.
I have to work on the next case.
Ms. Ma...
- Yes, Yoo Mi. - You fool.
You're about to get kicked out of your place!
Me? Why?
Your lease is up,
and you ignored the calls from the realtor.
The realtor?
Who are you?
I knew it.
There's a new landlord. Call them now.
Okay.
- I... - I'll be back in an hour.
Ms. Ma, are you going...
Ms. Son.
Where's the security video for Professor Sun's case?
The video room should be making a copy.
Hello?
She's here?
Okay, I'm coming.
Why? Why are you my new landlord?
(Landlord: Yeo In Wook)
I know. How was it the unit you're living in?
What about the one you went into when we met?
Happy?
That's my mother's.
Yours is mine.
Are you bragging that you have two apartments?
This building was cheaper than others.
My mother said that since prosecutors don't...
get paid much, I should collect rent.
That's great thinking.
In these hard times,
Receiving rent every month...
is the happiest thing.
So?
You have a lease with a 100,000-dollar deposit.
Yes.
And you want to convert to to a monthly rental?
Just a minute.
I get it.
The monthly rate for the unit...
is a 10,000-dollar deposit and 900 dollars at month,
but he says he'll cut it to 800 dollars a month.
- 800 dollars? - Yes.
If the deposit is 50,000, rent is 850.
Isn't it too low? Are you sure?
I feel like you'll regret it.
Okay. He says 850.
Will you take it or not?
Okay, then.
Tell me when you have a move-out date.
Look, Yeo.
- I'm so humiliated. - My elbow.
I'm so humiliated.
I didn't want to say this and seem petty,
but I barely got the 100,000 dollars...
from a bank for a high interest.
- Okay. - Plus,
50,000 in debt from my college tuition...
and studying for the bar.
I'm still paying those back.
I get cosmetics on sale, no-brand clothes,
and eat three meals a day at a cafeteria!
I'm barely surviving, okay?
But if you change it to monthly, how am I...
supposed to pay you?
Can't you be nice, given my situation?
What? I'm already giving you a great deal.
No. You need to do it for me!
No matter what!
Ms. Ma.
Where are you going? Shall we go back together?
My landlord wants me out. I should find a new place.
I guess so.
Okay, then. Start looking.
I'll go first.
Why that...
Shoot.
Ms. Ma.
Yes?
About the female professor case,
I saw something odd on the surveillance video.
Would you review it with me?
I'm still new on the job,
so it's hard to judge by myself.
What would you like to review?
Watch.
If it's as Professor Sun asserts,
Woo Sung was just caught trying to rape her.
He dropped his phone when he ran into Se Mi.
He should've picked it up and run away,
but he looks at it for two whole seconds.
- Why you think that is? - Because it cracked?
Pardon?
If he's paying it off, and the screen cracks...
Think again.
No way.
Either the phone rang right then,
or he was in the middle of a call.
He was talking to someone.
Yoon Min Joo.
They speak at least three times a day.
His girlfriend.
And the day of the incident?
They began talking at 10:16pm,
and ended at 10:53pm.
It coincides with when he was in the office.
That means Min Joo heard everything...
that happened.
Is she a pervert? Why was she listening?
Let's meet her first.
How may I help you?
We'd like to see Yoon Min Joo.
Dr. Yoon.
Yes?
Woo Sung tends to forget to end the call.
I always nag him about it.
But it actually helped this time.
It helped?
Are you saying he is not the assailant?
No. He's the victim.
Does he know as well...
that the call was recorded?
Yes.
Then he should've submitted it.
Why didn't he?
You're dating, correct?
Woo Sung had the same ring.
I didn't do it.
At first, I thought about cutting out my parts...
and submitting it.
But...
I recently...
came out of the closet.
If it goes to trial, Professor Sun...
will try to find out who submitted the tape.
Then, our relationship will be out in the open.
But he has to become a professor.
What college would hire him, knowing he's gay?
Woo Sung will not talk.
I'll convince him regarding that.
- So you... - What do you mean?
You seem to be confused.
Whether he's homosexual or heterosexual...
is not our concern.
- Ms. Ma. - Since you recorded...
the supposed attach, your phone is evidence.
Will you submit it after we get a warrant?
Or will you give it to us now?
I know how hard you worked on your thesis.
You can pass the exam to become a professor.
Professor.
You have a nice body.
No.
This is clear evidence.
Your attempted rape charge will be dropped,
and Sun Hae Young will be investigated.
- Now, as a victim, you... - No.
I refuse.
Pardon?
I won't give a statement as a victim.
Woo Sung.
It's over for you once the trial is over.
But I'll forever be the loser...
who was assaulted by a woman.
If I'm unlucky, they'll find out that I'm gay.
Can you...
take responsibility for that too?
live my life for me?
What are you trying to do?
Woo Sung.
All sexual assault victims...
come to trial expecting to be hurt again.
That's because they want the perp to be persecuted.
They believe their assailant should suffer...
the same, no, even half...
of what they suffered.
I thought you may be the victim from the start.
Because I saw in you something...
that every sexual assault victim has.
Self blame.
It's unique...
only to victims of sexual assault.
The assailants often say the victim's at fault too.
Isn't it funny?
Think about it.
Ever since that happened,
you were probably blaming yourself.
"Because I'm gay."
"Because I'm a student."
"Because I'm not manly enough."
But Woo Sung,
you did nothing wrong.
Professor Sun was the one who did wrong.
Even if I testify,
there's no guarantee that she'll be punished.
We'll start with your statement...
to find evidence.
We'll do our best...
to prove what you suffered.
What...
must I do?
Tell us everything...
that may be used as evidence.
Darn it.
Found it.
The assailant's print was on the victim's clothing?
Yes. The witness Kim Se Mi's statement...
was also proven to be a lie.
The clothing is good,
and so is the fact that the testimony was false,
but why are we taking the long way?
We have solid evidence.
What if the victim's sexuality comes out...
by using the recording?
We should just punish the assailant.
Must we consider the victim's situation?
Excuse me.
The victim went along with being framed...
in order to protect that secret.
He refuses to testify if we use the recording.
What will you do?
Okay. Let's do this.
Let's pressure Professor Sun with the fact...
that the witness lied and the fingerprint,
to get her to confess.
(Evidence No. 2)
What is this?
You remember.
This shirt.
And these...
are your fingerprints on it.
They came out nicely. Very clear.
I heard they used some kind of a method.
Why...
are you showing me this?
You had said...
while you were fighting Nam Woo Sung off,
he pressed down on both your hands,
making it impossible for you to budge.
You couldn't budge at all,
but you unzipped his pants,
tore his shirt,
and stripped him pretty roughly.
Your statement does not match at all.
Kim Se Mi's statement that he attacked you...
was also proven to be false.
So?
Are you saying I raped...
a young, healthy man?
Is that it?
Ms. Sun Hae Young.
Did you think we'd believe you...
if you played the weak woman?
The evidence here,
your lies, and the witness' lies...
are plenty to get you for attempted rape.
You know that, right?
Attempted rape and rape have the same punishment.
Why don't you confess?
The judge will consider it and reduce your sentence.
It's your first offense, you're a woman,
and a professor who is loved by society.
If I confess...
We'll try to get you probation...
rather than imprisonment.
What will you do?
A hospital is better than jail, no?
You people are ridiculous.
Are you telling me...
to become a female rapist?
Don't make me laugh.
I never did such a thing.
I'll get a lawyer.
(Yeongpa District Court)
Two young officers lost their lives...
when the defendants swung a steel pipe and...
hit their heads.
They were losing their homes in the cold.
Of course, they were angry.
They must've wanted to argue with anyone.
However, what we must remember...
is that 10 years ago,
they used violence at a protest...
and hurt the officers on the scene...
which hospitalized them for eight weeks.
They both have priors.
(Defendant)
Thus,
they do not try to resolve their own problems,
but take out their anger habitually...
on young officers.
That's ridiculous!
Five of our men died!
Silence.
Silence in the court.
We cannot let people like that...
take any more young lives, which are our future.
Thus, we request that they be harshly punished.
[VIU Ver] E02 Witch's Court "First Case"
-= Ruo Xi =-
How could you do this?
What did we do wrong?
There he is.
Are you satisfied with the verdict?
Did you expect to win?
I simply did my best.
I thank the court for their wise decision.
Do you really plan to run for mayor of Yeongpa?
Please tell us.
Will you be running?
If you are really curious, I guess...
I'll tell you.
For the past 30 years, I, Cho Gap Soo,
have dedicated my life...
for a society where justice prevails,
and for a safe and happy nation.
As a police officer and a politician,
I worked around the clock to create such a society.
Now,
I plan to dedicate my passion and energy...
to create a new Yeongpa in which...
the citizens...
are the masters.
Former assemblyman, Cho Gap Soo,
has announced his candidacy...
for Yeongpa mayor.
As a result,
Mayor Kim Moon Sung's ratings fell,
and experts speculate the mayoral election...
will be a close and interesting race.
(Cho Gap Soo Running for Mayor)
Did you watch the news?
What?
This is just the start.
I'll open our campaign office next week.
Stop worrying about stupid things.
Just prepare a nice, fat wallet.
We received a new rape case.
Rape?
They came to the right man.
Who's the client?
The second daughter of the director...
of Sunwoo Foundation?
How did the daughter of such a rich family...
have such a thing happen to her?
She isn't the victim, but the assailant.
The assailant is a woman?
This case sounds fun.
Who's the prosecutor in charge?
The Crimes Against Girls Unit.
It's where Min Ji Sook is.
Min Ji Sook?
I haven't heard that name in a while.
Ms. Ha.
Why don't you take on Ji Sook and humble her?
I'll go watch.
Yes, sir.
Your Honor.
We'd like to request a closed trial.
The victim does not want a public trial.
Moreover, considering...
how much attention this case is getting,
we cannot ignore the harm the victim will suffer.
Our client is the one suffering right now.
Look online. Her related search term is...
"female rapist".
That supports the need for a closed trial.
Counsel,
you need to think carefully.
Once the trial starts, she may be harmed more.
Can you handle it?
Your Honor.
I'm sorry, but...
may I say something?
I've been pegged...
as a loathsome woman who assaulted her student.
I had to take a break from my university...
and send my children to my family in the US.
I lost my job...
as well as my children.
What more harm could I possibly suffer?
I want to die every day,
but proving my innocence...
during a public trial...
is my only way to survive.
Look here, ma'am.
By what proof do you claim innocence?
Don't you worry about being found guilty...
in front of all the people and being humiliated...
at all?
Counsel.
Please be courteous.
It is a sensitive matter,
and neither party wishes to settle,
so we will proceed in an open trial.
Thank you.
Good job.
Ms. Sun!
You worm.
How dare you insult me?
Do you know what I'm enduring because of you?
Please calm down.
You...
I will destroy you.
Prepare yourself.
Are you okay?
Why do you want to beat a weak woman?
You should stop here...
before something worse happens.
Did you just threaten him?
I felt bad for him, so I gave him some advice.
Do you think you're in a position to give advice?
We'll determine in court whether or not...
I am in such a position.
She's incredible.
We will now begin case number 2017GO1245,
the people versus Sun Hae Young,
at Seoul Central District Court.
First, we will check attendance of the parties.
Prosecutor.
- Are you present? - Yes.
- Defendant Sun Hae Young? - Yes.
- Defense Counsel? - Yes.
Jurors, are you present?
Yes.
Okay. We will now begin.
Being the only one whose thesis was rejected,
the victim goes to the professor to ask why.
The professor states his thesis is excellent,
but he lacks just one thing.
What could that one thing be?
That's correct.
She demanded sexual favors in exchange.
Head down, and look pitiful.
You look like an assailant right now.
While he was deciding whether to grant...
her improper request and get his degree,
the professor ripped her student's shirt,
unzipped his pants, and initiated sex.
Simply put, this is what this case is about.
A professor used a student's degree...
to sexually assault a student.
Defense denies prosecution's assertions.
Let's say a woman in her 40s tried to rape...
a healthy young man in his 20s.
How could he not resist...
and let it happen?
Think about it.
We request that you use your rational judgment...
to decide.
That is all.
(Fingerprint Results)
Typically, 500ng to 1,000ng of proteins...
or amino acids are detected in fingerprints.
However, from this shirt and pants,
more than 2,000ng was detected.
What does that mean?
I shows that defendant...
applied great strength...
in ripping the victim's clothes.
Defense cannot accept prosecution's assertions.
We will review the evidence submitted.
As you can see.
Even if the defendant...
pushed the witness away,
a similar amount was detected.
Thus, prosecution's claim that the defendant...
ripped the witness' shirt lacks credibility.
Around 11pm on the night of the incident,
you went to the defendant's lab alone.
- Is that correct? - Yes.
Why did you go...
to a woman's lab alone that late at night?
You could've gone the next day.
The final decisions were due at 10am.
I was in too much of a rush...
that it didn't cross my mind.
So?
Did you ask why she failed only your thesis?
- Yes. - And?
She said she made edits on her tablet PC...
and told me to look through them.
So I was looking at them, and...
the professor started to touch my thigh.
She could've just placed her hand there.
To be exact,
she was squeezing my thigh.
- Were you excited? - No.
Then, she grabbed my face,
and kissed me.
How much?
I don't know.
Are you saying you let her kiss you?
- Yes. - Did you enjoy it?
No, I did not.
Why did you let her kiss you, then?
You should've been able to thwart her off.
Did you...
see the defendant as a woman at that moment?
I never saw her as a woman.
Then it doesn't make sense.
You never saw her as a woman,
and you didn't like her touching you.
Yet, you let her kiss you...
and let her take your clothes off?
Does that make sense?
Sure, she was your professor,
but you're a man.
You could've overpowered her.
I told you. My thesis was on the line.
Was that so important?
You're a man. Have you no pride?
Most men...
would've kicked his way out.
Do you know...
how much tuition for grad school is?
how many hours you must work to get a doctorate?
If I upset her and leave the program,
what then?
If the degree was so important,
you should've endured it.
Why did you refuse to have sex with her?
You should've endured it.
You're right.
You're correct.
If I had just endured it as you say,
I would've gotten my thesis through,
and I wouldn't...
be here doing this.
I...
was wrong.
It's all my fault.
No more questions.
After...
you started the grad school,
you applied with another professor...
for apprenticeship...
and was rejected.
You had excellent grades.
Why were you rejected?
Your Honor. This question is irrelevant to the case.
It is important for determining the witness...
and defendant's relationship.
Proceed.
Please answer.
I was told it was because...
I came from a small school and had a different major.
And yet,
the defendant saw your potential and chose you...
to be her research assistant.
Do you agree?
Yes.
On the day of the incident,
when you found out your thesis was rejected,
how did you feel at that moment?
How did I feel?
I was upset, naturally.
And angry.
Yes.
That's why...
you decided to get revenge.
Is that it?
What?
Why are you suddenly bringing up revenge?
What is your intention?
Your Honor, we submit evidence...
from his social media account that shows...
he intended to frame the defendant.
Objection. Not only did we not see it,
it hasn't been authenticated.
Counsel. I told you I wouldn't accept...
evidence that were not previously authenticated.
My apologies. However,
you must know that this case is handled by...
the Crimes Against Girls Unit.
The trial date was set...
within three days of the investigation.
We only discovered it this morning,
and did not have time to submit it sooner.
Please let us submit it.
Okay.
Turn it on.
Thank you.
(She's so annoying.)
(She's wearing a skirt, trying to be coy.)
(Once my thesis gets through, I'll expose her.)
You wrote these, correct?
You cut off everything before it.
Do you admit that you wrote...
what is on the screen?
This is ridiculous.
Your Honor. These are irrelevant to the case,
and they appear to have been selected...
and taken out of context.
I agree.
Fine.
It's not like I can't understand the witness.
It's natural to badmouth your teacher...
or your boss.
However,
you chatted with only one person...
about the defendant.
Is it a problem...
that I'm an outcast and have no one to talk to?
Look.
You...
are homosexual, and like men, correct?
That person to whom you sent those messages...
was your boyfriend of three years.
My apologies.
Your Honor.
Prosecution is violating the witness' privacy.
Can a homosexual man be raped by a woman?
If he was an average man who liked women,
when a woman made a sexual advance,
he would've either enjoyed it,
or used his physical strength...
to thwart her off easily.
However,
because you are gay, and don't like women,
you framed the innocent woman for rape.
I did not.
Then try and refute it.
You have always loathed the defendant...
who is a woman.
Your thesis was rejected, so you wanted revenge.
That is why you framed her for sexual assault!
I did not!
Take him away.
Let go!
Quiet!
Prosecution. Defense.
Can we continue with the trial?
Should we take a break?
No, Your Honor. Let us continue.
Yes, we are fine as well.
To be honest,
this entire situation is too much for me.
I've been respected by the society,
and I've been loved...
by my family as well.
What do I lack...
that I'd do something so heinous?
I simply want to be free from this situation...
in which I am...
being framed of such a crime.
No more questions.
Prosecution. Any questions?
Your Honor.
We submit a recording...
of the defendant trying to rape the victim.
Prosecution.
You'll submit what?
Ms. Ma.
We knew the victim was homosexual.
We also knew that his boyfriend...
had recorded the sexual assault that night.
However, the victim was adamantly against...
his sexuality being exposed during the trial.
That is why we did not submit it into evidence.
But as you saw earlier,
defense exposed the victim's privacy,
so we do not have the need to hesitate.
We will submit the evidence.
Ms. Ma, do you know Nam Woo Sung's number?
Please tell him...
to seal his social media accounts for now.
Especially anything about Yoon Min Joo.
Yoon Min Joo?
Hey. Get me Nam Woo Sung's call records.
Let me borrow your phone.
Why?
Hurry. My battery's dead.
You are homosexual, correct?
Let's hear it.
Yes, Your Honor.
I know your thesis is excellent.
Professor.
You have a nice body.
Professor!
- Professor! - No!
- Professor. - It's a lie.
It's a fabrication!
I'm being framed! No!
I'm being framed! You. Woo Sung.
Tell the truth!
Lies!
It's all lies!
Let go!
- Let go! - Keep it down!
(Deliberation in Progress)
The verdict is out.
A year and half in jail and 3 years probation.
The victim is gay. This case is interesting.
What a way to stab someone in the back.
- Sorry? - It was you, wasn't it?
You leaked to the defense that Woo Sung was gay.
Well...
Regardless, we won.
"Regardless, we won?"
Didn't you see how he looked
when it came up earlier?
- I did. - Don't you think about...
how he must feel right now?
Why must I do that?
What?
I'm a prosecutor, not a lawyer.
She's coming.
How does it feel to win with a single blow?
When did you know that the victim was gay?
Hello. I'm Ma Yi Deum, A prosecutor...
with Crimes Against Girls Unit.
(Witch's Court)
I took the bait that you laid out...
- and paid for it. - She's a peculiar one.
It's all over the internet already.
He may have approached the women...
planning to film them having sex.
It's a waste to watch alone.
The second victim.
I'm chasing a sick punk who posts videos...
of his girlfriends.
Imagine you were used to satisfy the needs of...
some guys you don't know.
How would you feel?
Kim Sun Kyoo said he was a victim too.
Are you some kind of a psychopath?
Ms. Ma!